Bundle examples (#6318)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/extending/backoffice-setup/extension-registry/bundle.md

It points to a single JavaScript file that via JavaScript Modules, exports or re-exports Extension Manifests written in JavaScript.

It can be used as the entry point for a package, or as a grouping for a set of manifests.

## Use Bundle as entry point for a package

> If you like to declare your manifests in JavaScript/TypeScript, the Bundle is a great choice for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to declare your manifests in JavaScript/TypeScript, the Bundle is a great choice.
```

> The following example shows a umbraco-package that referees to one bundle, which then can declare several manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows an umbraco-package that referees to one bundle, which can then declare several manifests.
```
